*Village - Population: 425
(80% Triton, 8% Gnome, 8% Halfling, 4% Elf)*

Moga Village is a small fishing village attached to a deserted island which appears to be an archipelago in the middle of the [[-The Great Ocean|Great Ocean]]. Because of its location, Moga Village acts as an outpost for hunters traveling between the new and old world. This village is home to the largest population of triton, also known as sea people, in the known world.

**Moga Village History**
Years ago unexplainable earthquakes began to shake and rattle the islands. A great Leviathans, Lagiacrus, was thought to be responsible. The Guild, in response, sent a new, untested hunter to handle the situation. After the hunter, first repelling, then slaying the great Sea-King, another massive earthquake shook the village. The cause, once attributed to the now-deceased Lagiacrus, was a mystery. Until a young shakalaka by the name of Cha-Cha told a story of a great sea dragon dwelling below [[Moga Village]] inside a large tunnel network.

The Guild caught wind of the recent earthquakes and contemplated a full evacuation of the island, though continued to supply quests. The village elder finally revealed his past after hearing of the dragon, going on to reveal that not only had a sea-dwelling civilization lived in the tunnel networks below Moga Village, but Moga Village had been destroyed before by earthquakes. The elder himself was descended from the former guardians of the underwater ruins who had founded Moga Village and was once a seasoned hunter who specialized in underwater battles. The Elder claimed to have heard about the great whale-dragon, now known as ceadeus by the Guild, in his youth, but was uncertain if a creature of its size could even live within the ruins- hence his assumption that the lagiacrus was causing the earthquakes.

The Guild, losing faith in the village's chances for survival, ordered a complete evacuation. The order was promptly ignored, and the now-veteran hunter, backed by the villagers she had sworn to protect, attacked the ceadeus in its own lair. Over the course of the battle, the hunter broke off the ceadeus' large right horn, which the dragon butted against the cave walls to cause earthquakes. The ceadeus fled after a long, drawn out battle, and the villager rejoiced over the victory. The Guild sent a missive proclaiming that the village hunter had defied direct orders, but the accusations were half-hearted in the face of the ceadeus' defeat, as the hunter kept his/her license and was let off the hook.